when Gortex
after the other 20 Oh continues you
watching the large destructive tornado
now continue on the ground
just south of Reno and Chili's evidence
is live right now at 6:12 p.m. she said
the loud tornado is now growing at the
top of the top the base is now over half
a mile wide
your cell phone
you gotta top the vehicle we have
falling debris
Kathy Malik celebrating a blasting east
on El Reno streets between us really now
accelerating rapidly accelerating skills
for ever showing up in Reno
the morning
crazy him with dramatic
South Sider arena airport i rambling so
really important
now quarter-mile wide timing and counter
space later
1,200 crows Avenue Road violent tornado
you saw on Jensen streak continued
answer east on Jensen straight the
trails now this past a truckful Avenue
you
can't be I think I'm going to get jump
on interstate this is going to be a
traffic jam the l-train house properly I
got Oklahoma Highway Patrol now securing
the roads that southbound out of 89 no
control its balance Turner Road
southbound go fan out only no people to
drive it to the 22 that's what's going
on right now the turnip Leticia tractor
rapidly to the east northeast it's now
tracking the video it is game
Marge
you
Tartini horse tornado if the camera here
barking - come on the home front right
now you get out of here
take cover get in the basement now this
is a very large destructive deadly
tornado try control the city of Yukon
south side of your club Ted cover get in
your basement snail here on the south
side are on either side of i-40 go pros
going not to plug up folks
the GoPros going
very violent tornado oh my gosh
see Mike
remains in effect until 7 p.m. central
Daylight Time for Southwestern Oklahoma
and southeastern communities in counties
at 6:42 p.m. central Daylight Time
National Weather Service meteorologists
and storms are sore tracking a large and
extremely leaders for they located 5
miles west of UConn moving he stood 10
miles in a car this tornado was on
Interstate 40 to the 30 miles east of
Mallory now another severe storm was
located southwest of Karina in my
background or attack in the next car
this is a tornado emergency for Eastern
El Reno Yukon evany in Ridgeland in
addition to eternity a large destructive
handle up to sock all sizes expected
with this storm
locations impacted include Yukon ethany
pasta important religious land this is
an extremely dangerous life-threatening
situation if you cannot get underground
go to a strong shelter or an interior
room of a sturdy building now take cover
now in a storm shelter with an interior
room of a sturdy building steady way
through doors and windows do not stop
under bridges or highway overpasses they
will not protect you from a tornado the
tornadoes be an environment very
difficult to see - no wait take cover
now